Hello English learners welcome back to English pod my name is Marco and I'm
Erica today we're bringing you part two of another great lesson that we had yes new
guy in town new guy in town part two part two kind of a creepy story yes and this one
is also a little bit strange a little bit weird yeah unusual outcome unusual ending but
it has to do a lot with invitations that's right so an invitation is when you ask
somebody to do something with you right a dinner invitation so we're going to be talking
about invitations and inviting people to do things okay well with that let's listen to the
dialogue for the first time oh harmon thank you for such a thoughtful invitation it's really
very nice of you to invite us over for dinner don't you think so Ellen oh yeah yes of course
we'd love to come over can I bring anything no don't worry about it I'll take care of everything
I'll see you tonight come with an appetite then what I will
I don't want to go over to his place with dinner he gives me the creeps why and earth did you accept
oh come on Ellen it'll be nice to get to know him besides he's new to the neighborhood
and it'll be rude to decline his invitation I guess so you always wrote me into things like this
ladies thank you for coming you look delicious I mean beautiful
please come in oh Ellen you are too kind how did I get myself into this
wow I'm really anxious to see what happens in this dinner party yeah I guess we'll have to stay tuned and
find out for part three yeah all right well we have some really great vocabulary so I guess we can start with
language takeaway language takeaway all right on language takeaway today we have three great words
uh Erica why don't you start us off with the first one the first word is thoughtful thoughtful thoughtful
thoughtful so when you're thoughtful you're kind right behind you consider it yes to other people
you think about what the other person would like right and you do that thing it's so thoughtful of you
yeah our second phrase give me the creeps give me the creeps give me the creeps
this is kind of a funny phrase but I think if we listen to some examples we'll understand the meaning
example one
horror movies give me the creeps example two stop it you're giving me the creeps
example three I saw this really scary clown it gave me the creeps
so I can see this one means to make me feel uncomfortable right it makes me feel
like scared yes yes it does me the creeps and our last phrase for language takeaway rope
me into rope me into something rope me into something so if you rope me into something it's like you
convince me to do something that I don't really want to do right so I rope to you into lending me your
car yes it was a bad idea that was a bad idea and you wrote me into going out for beers after
work yeah that was a great idea all right so rope me into events yeah all righty so I guess we could
listen to our dialogue again this time a little bit slower and you'll be able to understand the language
a little bit more clearly oh our mind thank you for such a thoughtful invitation
it's really very nice of you to invite us over for dinner don't you think so Ellen oh yes of course
we'd love to come over can I bring anything no don't worry about it
I'll take care of everything I'll see you tonight come with an appetite I know I will
I don't want to go over to his place for dinner he gives me the creeps why on earth did you accept
oh come on Ellen it will be nice to get to know him besides he's new to the neighborhood
and it will be rude to the client's invitation I guess so you always write me into things like this
ladies thank you for coming you looked delicious I mean beautiful please come in come in
oh our mind you are too kind how did I get myself into this
well I guess that's a lot more clear and with that we can start putting it together today
let's get together today we've got three words and phrases that we want to show you how you can
put together and use differently the first one is appetite appetite appetite appetite so appetite is
like a strong desire for food right right an appetite we've got some examples that show you how to
use this phrase let's listen example one generous mill so good it's giving me an appetite
example two you're sure eating a lot you must have a big appetite
example three I'm getting sick have a fever and I lost my appetite
okay so we saw some great examples of appetite you can lose your appetite that's right you have
a big appetite small appetite a healthy appetite right so it just means a desire for food
desire for food okay great what's our second phrase for today get to know someone get to know
so when you get to know someone is you talk to them and you find out what they do
yeah you get more familiar with them more familiar right for example we can say I got to know
her in Spanish class and she's a really nice person yeah or you can say our mind,
Ellen and Doris got to know each other at a dinner party right or you can say if you get to know me
you'll see that I'm not a bad guy yeah that's true okay get to know and our third phrase is
why on earth why on earth why on earth this is yeah there's like a saying yeah
expression you can use it in a lot of different ways so we've got some examples for you let's
listen example one where is my phone example two how on earth did you learn English in one month
example three what an earth is it so when you ask a question with on earth so why on earth how on earth
what on earth it's like you're showing a lot of surprise okay great stuff so let's just listen to
our dialogue at third time oh our mom thank you for such a thoughtful invitation it's really
very nice of you to invite us over for dinner don't you think so Ellen oh yes of course
we'd love to come over can I bring anything no don't worry about it I'll take care of everything
I'll see you tonight come with an appetite I do want to go over to his place for dinner
he gives me the creeps why on earth did you accept oh come on Ellen it'll be nice to get to know him
besides he's new to the neighborhood and it'll be rude to decline his invitation I guess so you always
won't need to things like this ladies thank you for coming you look delicious I mean beautiful
please come in oh Ellen you're too kind how did I get myself into this
we want to know what you think happens next yes what happens in this dialogue next so
we want you to send us your idea of what happens next and we're going to choose the best one that's
right Marco and I will choose the best continuation of the story and we'll use that in part three
of the new guy in town that's right so you can give it any direction you want that's right and of
course we'll publish the name of the author with the lesson yes I'm really anxious to see what ideas
come up and how we can end this dialogue I know we've got a lot of really creative users out there so
I'm really looking forward to this that's right that's right so be sure to send us your ideas
either a private message or you can post it on the comments section that's right this lesson
and any other questions or doubts go to EnglishPod.com and you can leave them there
yes Marco and I are always happy to answer your questions okay folks so until then it's goodbye
you